Are you ready?
Yeah, I'm getting good at this.
Since you're walking away from my son, you should have no problem with him pursuing another woman, right?
He is free to like whoever he likes, Victoria. I couldn't care less.
Your dad is her only son, after all.
By the way, Danny here told me that he saw you hugging your boss at the park today.
How romantic!
We're like how shocking. How did you know?
I don't ever do that again.
If I lose my job, we'll be homeless.
Miss Wood, looking.
What do you know about love, kid?
Well, you're sharing one cotton candy, and you can just buy two.
Oh, you tell them Danny boys?
Stop it, you two. Just drop it.
So, do you like him? Did you have fun today?
Honestly, a lot.
Yes!